issue #3091 - Add resources to their own compartment (#3442)
IBM/FHIR: docs/src/pages/guides/FHIRSearchConfiguration.md

For example, for the `Patient` compartment, to determine if an `Observation` is a member, the inclusion criteria search parameters are `subject` and `performer`. If the `Observation` resource fields associated with these search parameters reference a `Patient` resource, the `Observation` resource is a member of that `Patient` compartment.

> As of IBM FHIR Server 2022-1, compartment membership is always evaluated during ingestion, even if the search parameters that define compartment membership have been filtered out in fhir-server-config.json.

Author: ```suggestion
As of IBM FHIR Server 4.11, compartment membership is always evaluated during ingestion, even if the search parameters that define compartment membership have been filtered out in fhir-server-config.json.
```
```suggestion
As of IBM FHIR Server 2022-1, compartment membership is always evaluated during ingestion, even if the search parameters that define compartment membership have been filtered out in fhir-server-config.json.
```

Reviewer: Probably best to use 4.11.0 instead of 4.11, since 4.11.0 is used in other places.

Author: done

> As of IBM FHIR Server 2022-1, compartment membership is always evaluated during ingestion, even if the search parameters that define compartment membership have been filtered out in fhir-server-config.json.

Author: ```suggestion
As of IBM FHIR Server 4.11, compartment membership is always evaluated during ingestion, even if the search parameters that define compartment membership have been filtered out in fhir-server-config.json.
```
```suggestion
As of IBM FHIR Server 2022-1, compartment membership is always evaluated during ingestion, even if the search parameters that define compartment membership have been filtered out in fhir-server-config.json.
```
